so what I do now that's different than what I thought I was going to be
doing is not originally joined the navy to come in to be a navy seal
and during that time you actually had to pick a source rating before
you can go on to seal training so I asked the the detailer that
was there at maps you know what's the short is a school you have because
I have no intention on doing it and he said Hey all maintenance
technician so I asked what's that it's welding okay yeah I give it
to me I'll do that short school so went through boot camp when on my
following a school for whole maintenance technician and welding and
then went on to bud's where I didn't make it all the way through the
program so I ended up having to become a whole means technician where
I ended up actually moving on to io de is my first command in doing
marine mammal handling and working in that aspect and because of
the job that I had done initially with the EOD I've actually been managed
to maintain an entire career within this community and never
really have actually worked within the whole maintenance tech job so
you know originally came in to be a CEO and then all maintenance technician
as a secondary platform and now here I am a senior chief in
the navy that actually uses on man underwater vehicles to do mine countermeasures
for the navy as a whole